[ASM] EXPANDR-3167 - New use cases (#26474)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexAttackSurfaceManagement/ReleaseNotes/1_6_13.md

#### Playbooks

##### Cortex ASM - Detect Service

> - Updated the Cortex ASM - Detect Service playbook to add additional use cases for Mongo server, PostgreSQL server, Mysql server and ElasticSearch server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the Cortex ASM - Detect Service playbook to add additional use cases for:
- Mongo server
- PostgreSQL server
- Mysql server
- ElasticSearch server
```

##### Cortex ASM - Remediation Path Rules

> - Updated the Cortex ASM - Remediation Path Rules playbook to add additional use cases for Mongo server, Postgres server, Mysql server and ElasticSearch server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the Cortex ASM - Remediation Path Rules playbook to add additional use cases for:
- Mongo server
- PostgreSQL server
- Mysql server
- ElasticSearch server
```
